Examples/Guilds/README.md, before:

# Guilds

Guilds is a simple plugin that uses the CommandAPI to create a concept of guilds in Minecraft.

This example showcases the following features of the CommandAPI:

- Registering commands
- Using `.withArguments()` multiple times for command declaration
- Using custom requirements
- A maven project using the `commandapi-core` library

## Plugin description

Guilds simply connects players together in a group called a guild. If you are not in a guild, you are only able to create a guild. If you are in a guild, you are able to list information about your guild, add and remove members and leave your guild.

For this example plugin, all it does it allow you to create a group and set a tag (prefix) to your name in chat.

## Command description

If you are not in a guild, you can run these commands:

```
/guild - Displays help
/guild create <name> <tag> <tagColor> - Create a guild
```

Once you are in a guild, you are then able to run the following extra commands. If you are not in a guild, these commands will not work (the client doesn't recognize them as commands, so they won't be listed to the user either!):

```
/guild info - List current guild information
/guild add <player> - Adds a player to your guild
/guild kick <player> - Kick a player from your guild
/guild leave - Leave your current guild
```

## Compiling

To compile this plugin, run `mvn clean package` in the same folder as this `pom.xml` file. The plugin `commandapi-guilds-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar` file will be built in the `target/` folder.

Commit message:

Write up description about example classes

Examples/Guilds/README.md, after:

# Guilds

Guilds is a simple plugin that uses the CommandAPI to create a concept of guilds in Minecraft.

This example showcases the following features of the CommandAPI:

- Registering commands
- Using `.withArguments()` multiple times for command declaration
- Using custom requirements
- A maven project using the `commandapi-core` library

-----

## Plugin description

Guilds simply connects players together in a group called a guild. If you are not in a guild, you are only able to create a guild. If you are in a guild, you are able to list information about your guild, add and remove members and leave your guild.

For this example plugin, all it does it allow you to create a group and set a tag (prefix) to your name in chat.

## Command description

If you are not in a guild, you can run these commands:

```
/guild - Displays help
/guild create <name> <tag> <tagColor> - Create a guild
```

Once you are in a guild, you are then able to run the following extra commands. If you are not in a guild, these commands will not work (the client doesn't recognize them as commands, so they won't be listed to the user either!):

```
/guild info - List current guild information
/guild add <player> - Adds a player to your guild
/guild kick <player> - Kick a player from your guild
/guild leave - Leave your current guild
```

## Project structure

This plugin consists of 4 main files:

| File                 | Description                                                  |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `Guild.java`         | Main plugin entrypoint (extends `JavaPlugin`). This registers the commands and adds some helper methods to lookup guild information |
| `ChatListener.java`  | A chat listener that handles player chat events and applies the tag to messages that players send |
| `GuildCommands.java` | A single class that houses all of the commands that are registered by this plugin. This has been separated out into this file to keep things self contained and modularized |
| `Guild.java`         | A simple container class that represents a "Guild" object. Consists of the name, tag and tag color of a guild. |

-----

## Plugin limitations

This plugin does not save guild information between server reloads/restarts.

## Compiling

To compile this plugin, run `mvn clean package` in the same folder as this `pom.xml` file. The plugin `commandapi-guilds-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar` file will be built in the `target/` folder.
